added note about "user defined" option (#8090)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/enable-attack-surface-reduction.md

## PowerShell

> [!WARNING]

> > If you manage your computers and devices with Intune, Configuration Manager, or other enterprise-level management platform, the management software will overwrite any conflicting PowerShell settings on startup. To allow end users to define the value using PowerShell, use "User Defined" option for the rule in the management platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you manage your computers and devices with Intune, Configuration Manager, or another enterprise-level management platform, the management software will overwrite any conflicting PowerShell settings on startup. To allow users to define the value using PowerShell, use the "User Defined" option for the rule in the management platform.
```
